fix(langchain): skip cache_control for tool messages to prevent HTTP 400 (#2058)
SAP/ai-sdk-js: .changeset/fix-cache-control-tool-message.md

---
'@sap-ai-sdk/langchain': patch
---

[fix] Fix https? 400 when `cache_control` is used and the last message is a tool result.

> The SDK now skips tool and assistant messages when applying `cache_control`, finding the last applicable message (system, user, or developer) instead.

Reviewer: [pp]
```suggestion
[fix] Skip tool and assistant messages when applying `cache_control`, using the last applicable message (system, user, or developer) instead.
Some models do not support `cache_control` on `tool` messages.
```
